for Fox Sports and scout i'm annabelle
Stefan here at euless trinity high
school alongside the man of the hour
Myles Turner miles a big day for you and
your career obviously choose in the
Texas Longhorns what at this whole
ceremony mean to you to have your
friends and family here to support you
it means everything I mean these guys
have been here supporting me since you
know really since I've been a freshman
you know they don't thought I can do big
things out here and be able to stay in
my home you know hometown state and be
able to do some great things I mean I'm
very later right now so we're going
forward is it about coach Rick Barnes
and his staff that made you decide that
Austin was where you wanted to be they
really just treat me like a family
throughout this whole process I mean
they constantly reiterate how much you
know what they can do with me not just
you know they wanted me more the fact
that they needed me and I want to go
where I'm needed no no we're not
necessarily wanted so how are those
coaches talked about incorporating her
onto the team well the fact that I can
play you know the four and the five
position you know stretch the defense a
little bit that was a that was a huge
Don pool for them you know the
three-point the three-point shooting
last year wasn't as good as it as it
should have been and they think I'm
coming to come in there and help that
will also be able to go down low and
bring some don't play some defense to
the story as well you mentioned Kevin
Durant as your favorite player you were
the biggest commit to commit to the
Texas Longhorns since Kevin Durant a
couple of years ago how have you stayed
so humble throughout this whole process
um just know that I'm far from finished
product you know I have still have a lot
of things to work on and no Kevin Durant
was a incredible player you know you'll
be more incredible player now and I
really don't look at as you know is the
best player to come in there since him
you know I'm just another guy and
they're trying to do everything a lot of
other players trying to accomplish I got
kind of a tough question for you I've
never been to a commitment ceremony when
someone's whipped off the bucket hat
what what made you decide to that it was
going to be bugging out not cap um you
know every I kind of want to stay stay a
little original you know everybody does
little you know snap bags or you know
fitty casp you know I really wanted to
show some pride in my state you know and
you know do it any way possible and it
doesn't hurt that it looks good with a
bow tie exactly it all planned out and
finally I thought an official Texas
Longhorn I want to get your first big
hook um can I can I get him haha yes man
okay there you go Myles Turner gir
newest Texas Longhorn commit keep it
here at Fox Sports for all the latest on
Texas basketball congratulations miles